1) What is the difference between a class and an instance of the class?
A class is the  "blueprint" of an object, an instance of a class is using that blueprint. 

2) What is the difference between the following Person structure and Person class?
    struct Person
    {
    string name;
    int age;
    };

    class Person
    {
    string name;
    int age;
    };

The members of the struct are public by default they can be accessed anywhere in the program. and the members of the 
class are private by default they must be made public or they will only be accessable in the class. 

3) What is the default access specification of class members?
the default access specification is private. 

4) Look at the following function header for a member function:
    void Circle::getRadius()
    What is the name of the function?
    Of, what class is the function a member?

    Function name is getRadius
    it belongs to the Circle class

5) A contractor uses a blueprint to build a set of identical houses. Are classes analogous to the blueprint or the houses?
    The blueprint are an analagy to classes.

6)  What is a mutator function? What is an accessor function?
    An accessor function is a member function that gets a value from a member variable but does not change its value. 
    A mutator function is a member function that assigns a value to a member variable. 

7) Is it a good idea to make member variables private? Why or why not?
    It is a good idea to make member variables private to prevent unintended modification the their values. They must be accessed by the 
    accessor or mutator functions provided by the author. 

8) Can you think of a good reason to avoid writing statements in a class member function that use cout or cin?
    To separate the I/O from the inner workings of the program. 

9) Under what circumstances should a member function be private?
When the function needs to perform a calculation to a member variable, when a value is stored in a member variable and no other time. 
That function should be kept from being manipulated by users. 

10) What is a constructor? What is a destructor?
    A member function that is called when a class object is created. 
    A member function that is called when a class object is destroyed. 

11) What is a default constructor? Is it possible to have more than one default constructor?
    A constructor with default values or no values for parameters. You can only have one in a class.

12) Is it possible to have more than one constructor? Is it possible to have more than one destructor?
    You can have more than one constructor, but only one destructor. 

13) If a class object is dynamically allocated in memory, does its constructor execute? If so, when?
    The consturctor executes right after the memory is allocated. 

14) When defining an array of class objects, how do you pass arguments to the constructor for each object in the array?
    in the form of a function call

15) What are a class’s responsibilities?
    A class is responsible for holding data (variables) and performing actions (functions).

16) How do you identify the classes in a problem domain description?
    first identify the nouns in the domain description, then refine the list of nouns to eliminate douplicates and same meaning. Then 
    eliminate unnecessary items that are not concerned with the problem. Then identify things that would represent an instance of a class. 
    Identify nouns that are better represented as a viariable these would be related items. Then identify nouns that wuld perform an action. 
    The remaining nouns will be the classes for the program. 

17)  Modular and Object Oriented

18) Modular

19) Object Oriented

20) Encapsulation

21) constructor 

22) struct

23) Access specifier

24) private

25) public

26) instantiation

27) * or ->

28) canine.h

29) canine.cpp

30) inline

31) constructor

32) constructor

33) constructors

34) return

35) default

36) destructor

37) tilde ~

38) return

39) default

40) Signature

41) constructor and destructor

42) constructor



